hi it's Barney from BBC good food and
here I'm going to be showing you how to
glaze a hand
so we've cooked a ham and whether you
boiled it will steam roast it this is
what you'll end up with this one's
cooled down and what we need to do is we
need to take a layer of skin and some of
the fat off just leaving a thin layer of
fat so two ways of doing this you can do
it with a knife and you can just carve
it off like this
or you can do it with your hands and you
can just get in between the skin and the
fat this method only really works when
your hands call if your hands still hot
from the liquid or from roasting you
want to do it with a knife because the
fats going to need to latinus so just
use a knife to trim off the last few
pieces
we've removed the skin with clear down
and we'll just left ourselves a thin
layer of fat on the hand which we're
going to criss cross into that classic
diamond pan now to do that you just want
to make lines going down about four
centimeter intervals now what we're
trying to do is just going to cut into
the fat we do want to go into the meat
she's going to knife do the same works
just going to go in one direction
and now to give you that diamond effect
we're just going to go in the other
direction
now we're ready to glaze what you choose
to glaze your hand with is completely up
to you I mean anything sticky works I'm
going to use a very simple glaze of just
English mustard and brown sugar so first
I need to paint over my mustard that's
just going to help the sugar stick
so it's gonna be very generous with the
mustard mustard and ham classic
combination but honestly just drizzle
this with honey maple syrups anything
stick heat it's gonna caramelize in a
hot oven so I'm gonna pack over just put
some light brown sugar and I'm just
going to pack that over the herb very
generously
this is ready to roast now but there is
an optional extra of stunning it with
cloves if you want to give it that
classic roast ham look so what you need
to do is just take whole cloves and I'm
just going to put them between the
corners with the Diamonds I'm just going
to go over the home until it's
completely studied so now it's started
it's ready to go any of it the ham
itself has already cooked all what you
want to do is caramelize the glaze and
make it go all sticky so we're going to
put it in a hot oven for about 20
minutes then we're going to get it out
I'm going to baste it in the sticky
juices put it in again for another 20
minutes and it's gonna be absolutely
perfect
the hands had 20 minutes in the oven and
they starting to caramelize beautifully
I'm just gonna brush it and baste it
with some of the sticky juices in the
pan I'm gonna sprinkle it with a bit
more sugar just so it goes extra sticky
and extra glazed
final sprinkling sugar
to stop the hand burning on the bus and
we're just going to add a splash of
water to a roasting tray
now that just needs to go back in the
oven for 20 minutes and it will be ready
to serve
and so there we have our beautiful
glazed ham which is delicious hot Oh :